Add `shortcuts/no-neck-pain.nvim` (#622)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim](https://github.com/gbprod/stay-in-place.nvim) - Neovim plugin that prevent cursor from moving when using shift and filter actions.
- [echasnovski/mini.nvim#mini.ai](https://github.com/echasnovski/mini.nvim/blob/main/readmes/mini-ai.md) - Module of `mini.nvim` for extending and creating `a`/`i` textobjects. It enhances some builtin textobjects, creates extensive set of new ones (like `a*`, `a<Space>`, `a?`, and more), and allows user to create their own (via Lua patterns or functions). Supports dot-repeat, different search methods, consecutive application, and more.
- [Wansmer/treesj](https://github.com/Wansmer/treesj) - Splitting/joining blocks of code like arrays, hashes, statements, objects, dictionaries, etc. Using Tree-Sitter. Inspired by greatest splitjoin.vim.

> - [shortcuts/no-neck-pain.nvim](https://github.com/shortcuts/no-neck-pain.nvim) - Dead simple plugin to center the currently focused buffer to the middle of the screen.

Author: ```suggestion
- [shortcuts/no-neck-pain.nvim](https://github.com/shortcuts/no-neck-pain.nvim) - Center the currently focused buffer to the middle of your terminal.
```

cc @tversteeg
